Remove beta note and update Segment Connections destination name (#4257)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/destinations/catalog/actions-segment/index.md

---
title: Segment Connections Destination
hide-boilerplate: true
hide-dossier: false
id: 6371eee1ae5e324869aa8b1b
---

The Segment Connections destination enables you to mold data extracted from your warehouse into [Segment Spec](/docs/connections/spec/) API calls that can be processed by Segment's Tracking API.

> **The Segment Connections destination can be connected to Reverse ETL warehouse sources only.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**You can only connect the Segment Connections destination to Reverse ETL warehouse sources.**
```

## Getting started

### Create a source
1. From the Segment web app, navigate to **Sources** and select **Add Source**.
2. Search for **HTTP API** in the Sources Catalog, select the HTTP API source, and click **Add Source**.
3. Follow the steps to name your source. This is the source that will receive API calls from the Segment Connections destination.
4. Copy the Write Key on the **Overview** tab. You will need this when you set up the Segment Connections destination.

### Connect and configure the Segment Connections destination
1. From the Segment web app, navigate to **Reverse ETL > Destinations**.

> 2. Click **Add Destination** in top-right corner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click **Add Destination**.
```
